.TH GL-117 6 "27 February 2003" "" "gl-117 overview"
.SH NAME
gl-117 \- an OpenGL action flight simulator
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gl-117
[-dlevel -h -v]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.B gl-117
is an OpenGL and SDL based action flight simulator written in ISO C++.
Enter the Eagle Squadron and succeed in several challanging missions
leading though different landscapes.
Five predefined levels of video quality and an amount of viewing ranges
let you perfectly adjust the game to the performance of your system.
The game provides joystick and mouse support, sound effects, and music.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.TP
.I "\-d\fIlevel\fP"
Set the debug level to \fIlevel\fP in [0..5]. '0' means quiet and will avoid any
output, '1' will log fatal errors causing the program to crash on stderr, '2' will
also print exceptions on stderr, '3' will add warnings on stdout, '4'
prints additional information (predefined) on stdout,
and '5' gives developer specific messages on stdout.
.TP
.I "\-h"
Print a short summary on stdout and then quit immediately.
.TP
.I "\-v"
Display the version number of \fBgl-117\fP and then quit immediately.
.SH CONFIGURATION
.PP
.B gl-117
uses a predefined working directory ".gl-117" in the user's home directory to
load and store all savegame files and read the plain text configuration files "conf"
and "conf.interface".
If there are no config files available,
.B gl-117
will create them using standard settings. The contents of the files are quite
self-explanatory.
.SH DOCUMENTATION
.PP
Please look at the
.B gl-117
user manual (gl-117.pdf) for installation instructions
and further gameplay related descriptions.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
.B gl-117
is distributed under the terms of the GPL.
.SH AUTHORS
.PP
Thomas A. Drexl (tom.drexl@gmx.de)
